<!-- This file was generated by structdoc. DO NOT EDIT. -->
<!-- For changes modify apigateway_rest_api.go instead. -->

# aws_apigateway_rest_api

APIGatewayRestAPI provides a Serverless REST API.

## Overview

| i/o | name | type | required |
| --- | ---- | ---- | -------: |
| input | [`api_key_source`](#api_key_source) | `string` |  |
| input | [`binary_media_types`](#binary_media_types) | `array` |  |
| input | [`clone_from`](#clone_from) | `string` |  |
| input | [`description`](#description) | `string` |  |
| input | [`endpoint_configuration`](#endpoint_configuration) | `struct` |  |
| input | [`minimum_compression_size`](#minimum_compression_size) | `int64` |  |
| input | [`name`](#name) | `string` | required |
| input | [`policy`](#policy) | `string` |  |
| input | [`region`](#region) | `string` | required |
| input | [`version`](#version) | `string` |  |
| output | [`created_date`](#created_date) | `time` ||
| output | [`id`](#id) | `string` ||
| output | [`root_resource_id`](#root_resource_id) | `string` ||


## Inputs

### api_key_source

`optional string`

The source of the API key for metering requests according to a usage plan.

Valid values are:
- HEADER to read the API key from the X-API-Key header of a request.
- AUTHORIZER to read the API key from the UsageIdentifierKey from a custom
  authorizer.

### binary_media_types

`optional array`

The list of binary media types supported by the RestApi.
By default, the RestApi supports only UTF-8-encoded text payloads.

### clone_from

`optional string`

The ID of the RestApi that you want to clone from.

### description

`optional string`

The description of the RestApi.

### endpoint_configuration

`optional struct`

The endpoint configuration of this RestApi showing the endpoint types of
the API.

### minimum_compression_size

`optional int64`

A nullable integer that is used to enable compression (with non-negative
between 0 and 10485760 (10M) bytes, inclusive) or disable compression (with
a null value) on an API. When compression is enabled, compression or decompression
is not applied on the payload if the payload size is smaller than this value.
Setting it to zero allows compression for any payload size.

### name

`string`

The name of the RestApi.

### policy

`optional string`

A stringified JSON policy document that applies to this RestApi regardless
of the caller and Method

### region

`string`

The region the API Gateway is deployed to.

### version

`optional string`

A version identifier for the API.

## Outputs

### created_date

`time`

A timestamp for when the API was created.
### id

`string`

The API's identifier. This identifier is unique across all of your APIs in
API Gateway.
### root_resource_id

`string`

The identifier for the API's root (/) resource.
