<!-- This file was generated by structdoc. DO NOT EDIT. -->
<!-- For changes modify apigateway_method.go instead. -->

# aws_apigateway_method

APIGatewayMethod provides a resource (`GET /`, `POST /user` etc) in a REST
API.

## Overview

| i/o | name | type | required |
| --- | ---- | ---- | -------: |
| input | [`api_key_required`](#api_key_required) | `bool` |  |
| input | [`authorization_scopes`](#authorization_scopes) | `array` |  |
| input | [`authorization_type`](#authorization_type) | `string` | required |
| input | [`authorizer_id`](#authorizer_id) | `string` |  |
| input | [`http_method`](#http_method) | `string` | required |
| input | [`operation_name`](#operation_name) | `string` |  |
| input | [`region`](#region) | `string` | required |
| input | [`request_models`](#request_models) | `map` |  |
| input | [`request_parameters`](#request_parameters) | `map` |  |
| input | [`request_validator_id`](#request_validator_id) | `string` |  |
| input | [`resource_id`](#resource_id) | `string` | required |
| input | [`rest_api_id`](#rest_api_id) | `string` | required |


## Inputs

### api_key_required

`optional bool`

Specifies whether the method requires a valid API key.

### authorization_scopes

`optional array`

A list of authorization scopes configured on the method. The scopes are used
with a `COGNITO_USER_POOLS` authorizer to authorize the method invocation.

The authorization works by matching the method scopes against the scopes
parsed from the access token in the incoming request. The method invocation
is authorized if any method scopes matches a claimed scope in the access
token. Otherwise, the invocation is not authorized.

When the method scope is configured, the client must provide an access
token instead of an identity token for authorization purposes.

### authorization_type

`string`

The method's authorization type.

Valid values:
- `NONE`: open access
- `AWS_IAM`: use IAM permissions
- `CUSTOM`: use a custom authorizer
- `COGNITO_USER_POOL`: use a [Cognito](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/) user pool

### authorizer_id

`optional string`

Specifies the identifier of an Authorizer to use on this Method, if the type
is `CUSTOM` or `COGNITO_USER_POOL`. The authorizer identifier is generated by
API Gateway when you created the authorizer.

### http_method

`string`

Specifies the method request's HTTP method type.

### operation_name

`optional string`

A human-friendly operation identifier for the method.

For example, you can assign the `operation_name` of `ListPets` for the `GET /pets`
method in [PetStore](https://petstore-demo-endpoint.execute-api.com/petstore/pets) example.

### region

`string`



### request_models

`optional map`

Specifies the Model resources used for the request's content type. Request
models are represented as a key/value map, with a content type as the key
and a Model name as the value.

### request_parameters

`optional map`

A key-value map defining required or optional method request parameters that
can be accepted by API Gateway.

A key defines a method request parameter name matching the pattern of
`method.request.{location}.{name}`, where location is `querystring`,
`path`, or `header` and name is a valid and unique parameter name. The
value associated with the key is a Boolean flag indicating whether the
parameter is required (`true`) or optional (`false`). The method request
parameter names defined here are available in Integration to be mapped
to integration request parameters or body-mapping templates.

### request_validator_id

`optional string`

The identifier of a RequestValidator for validating the method request.

### resource_id

`string`

The Resource identifier for the new Method resource.

### rest_api_id

`string`

The string identifier of the associated RestApi.

## Outputs

