<!-- This file was generated by structdoc. DO NOT EDIT. -->
<!-- For changes modify iam_policy.go instead. -->

# aws_iam_policy

IAMPolicy describes a policy.

The policy can be attached to a role using `aws_iam_role_policy_attachment`.

## Overview

| i/o | name | type | required |
| --- | ---- | ---- | -------: |
| input | [`description`](#description) | `string` |  |
| input | [`path`](#path) | `string` |  |
| input | [`policy_document`](#policy_document) | `string` | required |
| input | [`policy_name`](#policy_name) | `string` | required |
| output | [`arn`](#arn) | `string` ||
| output | [`attachment_count`](#attachment_count) | `int64` ||
| output | [`create_date`](#create_date) | `time` ||
| output | [`default_version_id`](#default_version_id) | `string` ||
| output | [`is_attachable`](#is_attachable) | `bool` ||
| output | [`permissions_boundary_usage_count`](#permissions_boundary_usage_count) | `int64` ||
| output | [`policy_id`](#policy_id) | `string` ||
| output | [`update_date`](#update_date) | `time` ||


## Inputs

### description

`optional string`

A friendly description of the policy.

Typically used to store information about the permissions defined in the
policy. For example, `Grants access to production DynamoDB tables.`

The policy description is immutable. After a value is assigned, it cannot
be changed.

### path

`optional string`

The path for the policy.

For more information about paths, see
[IAM Identifiers](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html)
in the IAM User Guide.

If the path is not set, it defaults to a slash (`/`).

### policy_document

`string`

The JSON policy document that you want to use as the content for the new
policy.

### policy_name

`string`

The friendly name of the policy.

## Outputs

### arn

`string`

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN). ARNs are unique identifiers for AWS resources.

For more information about ARNs, go to Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) and AWS
Service Namespaces (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html)
in the AWS General Reference.
### attachment_count

`int64`

The number of entities (users, groups, and roles) that the policy is attached
to.
### create_date

`time`

The date and time when the policy was created.
### default_version_id

`string`

The identifier for the version of the policy that is set as the default version.
### is_attachable

`bool`

Specifies whether the policy can be attached to an IAM user, group, or role.
### permissions_boundary_usage_count

`int64`

The number of entities (users and roles) for which the policy is used to
set the permissions boundary.

For more information about permissions boundaries, see Permissions Boundaries
for IAM Identities
(http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html)
in the IAM User Guide.
### policy_id

`string`

The stable and unique string identifying the policy.

For more information about IDs, see IAM Identifiers
(http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html)
in the Using IAM guide.
### update_date

`time`

The date and time when the policy was last updated.

When a policy has only one version, this field contains the date and time
when the policy was created. When a policy has more than one version, this
field contains the date and time when the most recent policy version was
created.
