<!-- This file was generated by structdoc. DO NOT EDIT. -->
<!-- For changes modify lambda_invoke_permission.go instead. -->

# aws_lambda_permission

LambdaInvokePermission sets permissions on a Lambda function.

## Overview

| i/o | name | type | required |
| --- | ---- | ---- | -------: |
| input | [`region`](#region) | `string` | required |
| input | [`action`](#action) | `string` | required |
| input | [`event_source_token`](#event_source_token) | `string` |  |
| input | [`function_name`](#function_name) | `string` | required |
| input | [`principal`](#principal) | `string` | required |
| input | [`qualifier`](#qualifier) | `string` |  |
| input | [`revision_id`](#revision_id) | `string` |  |
| input | [`service_account`](#service_account) | `string` |  |
| input | [`source_arn`](#source_arn) | `string` |  |
| input | [`statement_id`](#statement_id) | `string` | required |
| output | [`statement`](#statement) | `string` ||


## Inputs

### region

`string`

The region the function is in.

### action

`string`

The AWS Lambda action you want to allow in this statement. Each Lambda action
is a string starting with lambda: followed by the API name . For example,
lambda:CreateFunction. You can use wildcard (lambda:*) to grant permission
for all AWS Lambda actions.

### event_source_token

`optional string`

A unique token that must be supplied by the principal invoking the function.
This is currently only used for Alexa Smart Home functions.

### function_name

`string`

The name of the Lambda function.

Name formats

 - Function name - `MyFunction`.
 - Function ARN - `arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:MyFunction`.
 - Partial ARN - `123456789012:function:MyFunction`.

The length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify only
the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

### principal

`string`

The principal who is getting this permission. The principal can be an
AWS service (e.g. `s3.amazonaws.com` or `sns.amazonaws.com`) for service
triggers, or an account ID for cross-account access. If you specify a
service as a principal, use the SourceArn parameter to limit who can
invoke the function through that service.

### qualifier

`optional string`

Specify a version or alias to add permissions to a published version of the
function.

### revision_id

`optional string`

An optional value you can use to ensure you are updating the latest update
of the function version or alias. If the RevisionID you pass doesn't match
the latest RevisionID of the function or alias, it will fail with an error
message.

### service_account

`optional string`

This parameter is used for S3 and SES. The AWS account ID (without a hyphen)
of the source owner. For example, if the SourceArn identifies a bucket, then
this is the bucket owner's account ID. You can use this additional condition
to ensure the bucket you specify is owned by a specific account (it is possible
the bucket owner deleted the bucket and some other AWS account created the
bucket). You can also use this condition to specify all sources (that is,
you don't specify the SourceArn) owned by a specific account.

### source_arn

`optional string`

The Amazon Resource Name of the invoker.

If you add a permission to a service principal without providing the source
ARN, any AWS account that creates a mapping to your function ARN can invoke
your Lambda function.

### statement_id

`string`

A unique statement identifier.

## Outputs

### statement

`string`

The permission statement you specified in the request. The response returns
the same as a string using a backslash ("\") as an escape character in the
JSON.
