<!-- This file was generated by structdoc. DO NOT EDIT. -->
<!-- For changes modify lambda_function.go instead. -->

# aws_lambda_function

LambdaFunction manages AWS Lambda Functions.

AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You
pay only for the compute time you consume - there is no charge when your
code is not running.

With Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of application or
backend service - all with zero administration. Just upload your code and
Lambda takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with
high availability. You can set up your code to automatically trigger from
other AWS services or call it directly from any web or mobile app.

https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/

## Overview

| i/o | name | type | required |
| --- | ---- | ---- | -------: |
| input | [`dead_letter_config`](#dead_letter_config) | `struct` |  |
| input | [`description`](#description) | `string` |  |
| input | [`environment`](#environment) | `struct` |  |
| input | [`function_name`](#function_name) | `string` | required |
| input | [`handler`](#handler) | `string` | required |
| input | [`kms_key_arn`](#kms_key_arn) | `string` |  |
| input | [`layers`](#layers) | `array` |  |
| input | [`memory_size`](#memory_size) | `int64` |  |
| input | [`publish`](#publish) | `bool` |  |
| input | [`region`](#region) | `string` | required |
| input | [`role`](#role) | `string` | required |
| input | [`runtime`](#runtime) | `string` | required |
| input | [`tags`](#tags) | `map` |  |
| input | [`timeout`](#timeout) | `int64` |  |
| input | [`tracing_config`](#tracing_config) | `struct` |  |
| input | [`vpc_config`](#vpc_config) | `struct` |  |
| output | [`code_sha_256`](#code_sha_256) | `string` ||
| output | [`code_size`](#code_size) | `int64` ||
| output | [`function_arn`](#function_arn) | `string` ||
| output | [`last_modified`](#last_modified) | `time` ||
| output | [`master_arn`](#master_arn) | `string` ||
| output | [`revision_id`](#revision_id) | `string` ||
| output | [`version`](#version) | `string` ||


## Inputs

### dead_letter_config

`optional struct`

A dead letter queue configuration that specifies the queue or topic
where Lambda sends asynchronous events when they fail processing. For
more information, see
[Dead Letter Queues](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/dlq.html).

### description

`optional string`

A description of the function.

### environment

`optional struct`

Environment variables that are accessible from function code during execution.

### function_name

`string`

The name of the Lambda function.

Name formats

  * Function name: `MyFunction`.
  * Function ARN:  `arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:MyFunction`.
  * Partial ARN:   `123456789012:function:MyFunction`.

The length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify only
the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

### handler

`string`

The name of the method within your code that Lambda calls to execute
your function. For more information, see
[Programming Model](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/programming-model-v2.html).

### kms_key_arn

`optional string`

The ARN of the KMS key used to encrypt your function's environment
variables. If not provided, AWS Lambda will use a default service key.

### layers

`optional array`

A list of [function layers](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html)
to add to the function's execution environment.

### memory_size

`optional int64`

The amount of memory that your function has access to. Increasing the
function's memory also increases it's CPU allocation. The default value
is 128 MB. The value must be a multiple of 64 MB.

### publish

`optional bool`

Set to true to publish the first version of the function during
creation.

### region

`string`

Region to run the Lambda function in.

### role

`string`

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the function's execution role
(http://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/intro-permission-model.html#lambda-intro-execution-role).

### runtime

`string`

The runtime version for the function.

Allowed values:
  - nodejs
  - nodejs4.3
  - nodejs6.10
  - nodejs8.10
  - java8
  - python2.7
  - python3.6
  - python3.7
  - dotnetcore1.0
  - dotnetcore2.0
  - dotnetcore2.1
  - nodejs4.3-edge
  - go1.x
  - ruby2.5
  - provided


> TODO: enum
### tags

`optional map`

The list of tags (key-value pairs) assigned to the new function. For
more information, see
[Tagging Lambda Functions](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/tagging.html)
in the AWS Lambda Developer Guide.

### timeout

`optional int64`

The amount of time that Lambda allows a function to run before
terminating it. The default is 3 seconds. The maximum allowed value is
900 seconds.

### tracing_config

`optional struct`

Set Mode to Active to sample and trace a subset of incoming requests
with AWS X-Ray.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/lambda-2015-03-31/TracingConfig

### vpc_config

`optional struct`

If your Lambda function accesses resources in a VPC, you provide this parameter
identifying the list of security group IDs and subnet IDs. These must belong
to the same VPC. You must provide at least one security group and one subnet
ID.

## Outputs

### code_sha_256

`string`

The SHA256 hash of the function's deployment package.
### code_size

`int64`

The size of the function's deployment package in bytes.
### function_arn

`string`

The function's Amazon Resource Name.
### last_modified

`time`

The date and time that the function was last updated.
### master_arn

`string`

The ARN of the master function.
### revision_id

`string`

Represents the latest updated revision of the function or alias.
### version

`string`

The version of the Lambda function.
